DOC: add transition guide & ease fit/predict kwarg compatibility (#138)
adriangb/scikeras: docs/source/index.rst

* Support for hyperparameter tuning of optimizers and losses.
* Support for multi-input and multi-ouput Keras models.
* Functional `random_state` for reproducible training.
* Many more that you will discover as you use SciKeras!

Transitioning from ``tf.keras.wrappers.scikit_learn``
-----------------------------------------------------

SciKeras is largely backwards compatible with the existing wrappers. For most cases, you can just change your import statement from:

.. code:: diff

   - from tensorflow.keras.wrappers.scikit_learn import KerasClassifier, KerasRegressor
   + from scikeras.wrappers import KerasClassifier, KerasRegressor

SciKeras does however have some backward incompatible changes:

One-hot encoding of targets for categorical crossentropy losses
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

SciKeras will not longer implicitly inspect your Model's loss function to determine if
it needs to one-hot encode your target to match the loss function. Instead, you must explicitly
pass your loss function to the constructor:

.. code:: python

   clf = KerasClassifier(loss="categorical_crossentropy")  # or loss=CategoricalCrossentropy(), etc.

> Removal of ``**kwargs`` from fit and predict

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removal of keyword arguments from fit and predict
```

Author: Is this wording accurate? We don't plan on removing keyword arguments in the sense that we would only user or allow positional arguments. Maybe something like `Removal of arbitrary keyword arguments passed via **kwargs`? But that's pretty long, especially for a title...

Reviewer: Why not "Removal of Keras keyword arguments passed to fit/predict"?

Author: I'm going to go with `Variable keyword arguments in fit and predict` as the title.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> In a future release of SciKeras, ``**kwargs`` will be removed from fit and predict. To future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a future release of SciKeras, keyword arguments will be removed from fit and predict. To future
```

proof your code, you should instead declare these parameters in your constructor:

.. code:: diff

   - clf = KerasClassifier(...)
   + clf = KerasClassifier(..., batch_size=32)
   - clf.fit(..., batch_size=32)
   + clf.fit(...)

Or to declare separate values for ``fit`` and ``predict``:

.. code:: python

   clf = KerasClassifier(fit__batch_size=32, predict__batch_size=10000)

> Renaming of ``build_fn`` to ``model``

Reviewer: Are these warnings in `index.rst` necessary? I'm having a hard time seeing the reason to feature the following on the front page of the documentation:

* Removal of keyword args
* Renaming `build_fn` to `model`
* Model introspection

All of those issue warnings with tips on how to resolve. Why are they on the front page of the documentation? When I write docs, the front page always describes why a user should use my software, not issues they might face.

I might dedicate a separate page to potential hotspots when transitioning from TF to SciKeras.

Author: Yeah a separate page should work and sounds good. Thanks.
